# ESports-Database  
There is no convenient way to get in-depth information on all the games a team plays. If someone wants to follow a team or its team members across many games, they are stuck behind the wall of having to first be exposed to those games. It’s hard for people who want to support a team and its members or play the same game as a certain team to start doing so. We are missing out on increasing the player base of tons of games, being the fans that are dedicated to certain teams and want to imitate them. Because of the sheer number of players, each with their own generous following (maybe an average of 500,000 fans each), missing out on having them bleed into different games also means missing out on crazy increases in revenue for different tournaments as well as in-game purchases. It also simply prevents current players from dropping the game due to it becoming less popular and “dying.”
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Complaint: There is no convenient way (in one place) to check all the games a team plays
So? So if someone wants to follow a team or its team members across many games, they would have to first be exposed to that other game
So? So it’s hard for people who want to support a team (and its members) or play the same game as a certain team to start doing so
So? We are missing out on increasing the playerbase of tons of games, being the fans that are dedicated to certain teams and want to imitate them
- There are tons of these fans, enough for there to be articles dedicated specifically towards them (https://www.hitc.com/en-gb/2021/08/27/faze-promises-fans-membership-after-win-how-to-join-the-twitter-recruitment/)
- Esports players have giant followings on social media, especially streaming platforms like Twitch and Youtube (Faker has 3.8 million followers on Twitch, and probably even higher viewership from those without accounts, for example)

So? Because of the sheer number of players, each with their own generous following (maybe an average of 500k each), missing out on getting fans interested in different games also means missing out on crazy increases in revenue for different tournaments and as well as within games (in-game purchases). It is also beneficial for the players who don’t want their game to become less popular and “die”
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Being able to explore many teams, games, and players in one place will increase the player base of different games, and thus, increase revenue for tournament holders and developing companies, and enjoyment for the players.
